feat: Add Copilot agent instructions (migrated from OMEGA) (#35322)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: .github/agents-prototype/skills/add-core-op/step1-analysis.md

   - If yes → decomposition may be sufficient (no new core op needed).
   - If no or decomposition is too slow → new core op is needed.

4. **Check existing OpenVINO opsets:**
   - Is there a similar op in a previous opset that can be extended?
   - If adding a new version of an existing op, note the version delta.

5. **Collect references:**
   - Link to the op specification in the source framework.
   - Link to any related OpenVINO issues or PRs.
   - Link to the model that requires this op (`model_id`).

6. **Determine the target opset:**
   - New ops are registered only in the **latest opset** (e.g. `opset16`).
   - Use the latest opset version number for the namespace `ov::op::vX`.

## Output

Return a structured analysis:

```
op_name:        <OpName>
source_framework: <ONNX|PyTorch|TF>
math_formula:   <brief description>
inputs:         <list of inputs with types>
outputs:        <list of outputs with types>
attributes:     <list of attributes>
target_opset:   <opsetX>
decomposable:   <yes|no>
reason:         <why new core op is needed>
references:     <list of URLs>
```

If `decomposable=yes` - report back to OV Orchestrator; no further core op

> work needed (defer to Transformation agent for decomposition).

Reviewer: "(defer to Transformation agent for decomposition)." - rather to frontend agent. The decomposition usually happens at the frontend level, to decompose at the common transformations stage - the core op is needed anyway (and it is used mostly as work around for plugins without the native op support).
```suggestion
If `decomposable=yes` - report back to OV Orchestrator; no further core op
work needed (defer to frontend agent for decomposition).
```
